README.md, before:

# BlobStorage
![BlobStorage's banner](banner.png)

This is the repository where the source SVGs, the optimized SVGs and 128x PNGs for the Blob Color Font project are stored.

The emoji are either based on or directly from the [Noto Color Emoji](https://github.com/googlei18n/noto-emoji/) before the Oreo update.

All the output files were generated and can be used without having to build anything.

If you wish to contribute, you can make your own emoji by following the [guidelines](./GUIDELINES.md) then place it on the adequate folder in /src/, after that, build it and make a pull request.

## Usage
The BlobStorage is being used in the [BlobCompiler](https://github.com/blobcolorfont/BlobCompiler/) project, where it will build a SVGinOT font with all the emojis here.

Our emojis can be used outside the font project as long as you credit us.

## Building the /output/ folder.
To build the SVG along with the skin-colored variants, you need [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) installed, some packages are necessary to be able to build the SVGs and PNGs, which can be installed by executing ``yarn install``.

After they are installed, execute ``yarn run build`` and the entire /output/ folder will be built from all the SVGs in /src/.

## License
All the image resources released under this repository are licensed under the [Apache license, version 2.0](./LICENSE).

Commit message:

Series Finale It has been a fun ride, but now it's time to move on

README.md, after:

# This project has been abandoned

It has been years since nothing new has been commited to this repository other than dependabot stuff. Ultimately, this project has been abandoned and will be archived along with BlobCompiler.

While it was feasible to at least make emojis for a good part of the Unicode emojis, mass-producing them became an issue for me since more emojis mean more maintenance to do, and with the fear that not all the emoji was consistent with each other (with the floating-point inaccuracy that my software has) and with some doubts about my own programming, I've decided to stop making them in favor of working on other projects.

What you see on this repository is work that has been started in 2018 which has been halted past year, while the quality might not be ideal in few spots, all of the work has been carefully done in order to match with other vendor sets, which means that you can mix them with a more complete set (like Twitter's). However, I don't recommend that.

If you wish to continue this project, feel free to! Just don't violate the license and you're fine, although it won't be an easy job at all.

# BlobStorage
![BlobStorage's banner](banner.png)

This is the repository where the source SVGs, the optimized SVGs and 128x PNGs for the Blob Color Font project are stored.

The emoji are either based on or directly from the [Noto Color Emoji](https://github.com/googlei18n/noto-emoji/) before the Oreo update.

All the output files were generated and can be used without having to build anything.

If you wish to contribute, you can make your own emoji by following the [guidelines](./GUIDELINES.md) then place it on the adequate folder in /src/, after that, build it and make a pull request.

## Usage
The BlobStorage is being used in the [BlobCompiler](https://github.com/blobcolorfont/BlobCompiler/) project, where it will build a SVGinOT font with all the emojis here.

Our emojis can be used outside the font project as long as you credit us.

## Building the /output/ folder.
To build the SVG along with the skin-colored variants, you need [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) installed, some packages are necessary to be able to build the SVGs and PNGs, which can be installed by executing ``yarn install``.

After they are installed, execute ``yarn run build`` and the entire /output/ folder will be built from all the SVGs in /src/.

## License
All the image resources released under this repository are licensed under the [Apache license, version 2.0](./LICENSE).
